Are you really good at it, or is it a mistake?
I just learned a little skin from the TV show
Also, if you really would
Where is the need to be a small security guard?
You've been gambling on stones for a long time
That's not right.
Since you can get 80 million
Why are you still a security guard?
To protect the company
My daughter is waiting for this money! Help!
Oops, that disease is a bottomless pit
What about the follow-up treatment without gambling?
Our daughter can't live until the bet is right
I suggest you don't buy this one
Easy to suffer
You, a security guard, are drinking my nonsense here
The boss is looking at this piece
Why don't you listen to good people?
Why so small
How is this possible?
Without money, without money, our children's lives are gone
Xu Tao blames you for saying those depressing words
I started to fail at that time
Hurry up
Chen Xuyao, can you control your boyfriend?
It was all about probability.
I haven't even said him yet
It's bad luck. It's bad luck for us.
Mr. Wang, I advise you
Leave early with such people
To avoid mischief
You are with a broken security guard
No wonder the company is going out of business
He was just talking nonsense.
There was good stuff in that rock
It's him talking nonsense
Gone my good luck
General dare to bet with me